Skip to Main Content

Black Garter Revue
​
Home
Services
Shows
Performers
Facebook
Instagram
TikTok
bsky
Performers
Seraphina Syren
Drawn to the shadows between starlight and the breaking sun, Seraphina Syren was born with a hunger to create and a fascination for the exquisite details others often miss. A wandering enchantress who’s lifetime spent in dance & theatre have became the spellwork behind this syren's stagecraft, she has woven her art across the map, leaving glittering echoes in every city she's called home. Now her journeys have led her to the far regions of the mountains of her youth where myth still lingers in the woods and a dangerous song lures you to the edge of jagged coastline.

In 2018 Syren conjured Black Garter Revue in Asheville, NC  where she seduced sold-out crowds from the southern highlands to the foothills below. Now based out of Belfast, ME Syren continues to weave her magic for packed houses along  New England’s foggy coast line. Ever drawn to the strange, the sensual, and the sublime, Syren evokes worlds where the bizarre is beautiful and the stage becomes a portal. With a devotion to unearthing hidden gems and giving voice to otherworldly storytellers, Syren invites you into her orbit—where mystery reigns and glamour is laced with danger.

Follow her syren song at ⁦facebook.com/seraphinasyren⁩ and on Instagram @seraphinasyren.
Oblivion Rose
Born in Los Angeles, Oblivion Rose is no angel…well maybe a fallen one. This deviously wicked witch enjoys putting her audience under her spell. With a love of theatre from a drama and singing background, she uses her skills to craft a sensual tale. Will you be able to look away? We sure don’t want to.

Follow her exploits on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/people/Oblivion-Rose/61568953490836/

Photo: They Call It Karma
Mister Chivas
Mister Chivas is Appalachia’s Loki reincarnate. This Tennessee born trickster was sent by the gods to mystify and amuse you with his theatrical antics. He has been entertaining audiences with his boylesque shenanigans from as far as North Carolina with Black Garter Revue to now here in Maine performing with the one and only Black Garter Revue. You'll be in awe of his prestidigitation and mischievous acts. Mister Chivas can also be discovered under his alter ego name Appalachian Pi Guy charming his listeners with his multiple podcasts and voice acting skills.

Photo: Gonza Photography
Jax Diesel
Jax Diesel is a high-octane fusion of grit, charm, and raw stage presence. A former U.S. Special Operator turned burlesque maverick, he brings the discipline of the battlefield to the art of seduction. With the swagger of a seasoned cowboy and the precision of a trained warrior, Jax captivates audiences with his bold, high-energy performances. Whether he's twirling lassos, peeling off layers of rugged leather, or smirking beneath a well-worn Stetson, he embodies the untamed spirit of the Wild West. Offstage, Jax is a fierce advocate for veterans, using his platform to support mental health and reintegration programs. Tough as steel yet smooth as whiskey, he proves that strength and sensuality make one hell of a combination.

Photo: Gonza Photography
Jenni Darkbloom
Rising from her castle's crypt--nestled in the coastal woods of Maine--Jenni Darkbloom is here to suck your tips, respectfully. Originally from Massachusetts, this transplanted transfemme's typical influences include: the shadows of smoky gothic-industrial dance clubs, the beauty of a garden springing to life, and cats of all sizes. She's a founder of the ✨Big Sparkles Gang✨, and has a love of all things ruffled. In 2023, Jenni plunged into the dark arts of the burlesque world by becoming an overly prepared kitten. Soon after, she added dancing to her repertoire. She hopes you will be entranced by this ethereal world as much as she has been bewitched by this alluring adventure.

Find her on https://darkbloom.dance

Photo: CMC Boudoir
Sparkles Darkbloom
Sparkles Darkbloom is a larger-than-life unicorn with a flair for the fabulous. Born under a double rainbow on a full moon night, Sparkles embodies the spirit of joy, whimsy, and resilience. Known for her gravity-defying moves and infectious positivity, she dances to inspire others to embrace their unique sparkle and to find their joy.

Find her on https://darkbloom.dance

Photo: Gonza Photography
Boo Darling
Boo Darling is no stranger to the stage! Her many adventures throughout the East Coast and Texas found her in numerous choirs, theater troupes, and even a few coffee shop poetry slams. While she may not currently be a choreographed performer in the spotlight, she is always waiting in the wings to cheer on the incredible talent on stage and make sure the mood is set just right between each act. When Boo Darling isn't getting fancy and lending her particular talents of sass and organized chaos as a burlesque kitten, she can be found curled up under a blanket with her favorite cat while reading the latest spicy fantasy book.
Twylite
Every troupe needs someone that can do what ever needs to be done. Twylite helps with lightening, sound, stage management, kittening you name it he does it. Once the lights go dark he has even more fun in the twilight of the night.

Photo: MainelySteph Photograhy
Voluptuous Vixen
Voluptuous Vixen discovered burlesque in 2024 when attending her first local showcase and was instantly captivated by the blend of theatrical flair, playful sensuality, and uplifting camaraderie among performers. Determined to become a part of this supportive community, she volunteered as a stage kitten helping to make all the on stage & behind-the-scenes magic happen. This role has given Vixen invaluable insight into timing, choreography, and the power of subtle stagecraft for when she steps onto that stage as kitten or as a guest performer.

Vixen's mission is to inspire others—especially curvy and plus-size folks—to embrace their bodies and unleash their inner sparkle reminding others that burlesque is more than striptease; it’s an empowering art form that champions self-expression, self confidence and body positivity.

© 2025 Black Garter Revue.